Document: 01 Ex Parte PPO Petition, Filed Rockenhaus
Case: Rockenhaus v. Rockenhaus (PPO), Case No. 26-102221-PP
Court: Wayne County Circuit Court (Third Judicial Circuit)
Category: Opposing party
Page: 6 of 83
Source: https://rockenhaus.net/documents/wayneppo26-102221-pp-opposing-01ex-parte-ppo-petition-filedrockenhaus/
PDF: https://rockenhaus.net/wayne_ppo_26-102221-PP/opposing/01_EX PARTE PPO Petition, Filed_Rockenhaus.pdf

---

Petition for Personal Protection Order (Domestic Relationship) (3/23)                              Case No.
Page 2 of 2

            g. threatening to kill or physically injure                            Adrienne Rockenhaus                                   .

            h. interfering with me at my place of employment or education or engaging in conduct that impairs my employment
               or educational relationship or environment.

            i. having access to information in records concerning a minor child of mine and the respondent that will reveal
               my address, telephone number, or employment address or that will reveal the child’s address or telephone
               number.

            j. intentionally causing me mental distress or exerting control over me by:
                  injuring, killing, torturing, or neglecting, or threatening to injure, kill, torture, or neglect any animal in which
                  I have an ownership interest.
                  removing any animal from my possession in which I have an ownership interest.
                  retaining or obtaining possession of any animal in which I have an ownership interest.

            k. purchasing or possessing a firearm.

            l. other:                                 Please see "Relief Requested" in Attachment.                                       .

 G 6. I make this petition under the authority of MCL 600.2950/MCL 600.2950a and ask the court to grant a personal
        protection order.

            I request an ex parte order because immediate and irreparable injury, loss, or damage will occur between now
            and a hearing or because notice itself will cause irreparable injury, loss, or damage before the order can be
            entered.

 H      7. I have a next friend petitioning for me. I certify that the next friend is not disqualified by statute and is an adult.

 I    February 19, 2026                                                  /s/ Adrienne Rockenhaus
     Date                                                               Petitioner’s/Next friend’s signature
                                                                         Adrienne Rockenhaus
                                                                        Name (type or print)
                                                                                               (e-signed as allowed by MCR 1.109)
