Document: 01 Ex Parte PPO Petition, Filed Rockenhaus
Case: Rockenhaus v. Rockenhaus (PPO), Case No. 26-102221-PP
Court: Wayne County Circuit Court (Third Judicial Circuit)
Category: Opposing party
Page: 70 of 83
Source: https://rockenhaus.net/documents/wayneppo26-102221-pp-opposing-01ex-parte-ppo-petition-filedrockenhaus/
PDF: https://rockenhaus.net/wayne_ppo_26-102221-PP/opposing/01_EX PARTE PPO Petition, Filed_Rockenhaus.pdf

---

General: patient is alert, cooperative, and in no acute distress speaking in
full sentences with ease
Skin: warm, dry; no visible lacerations
HEENT: (Head) atraumatic; (Eyes) extraocular movements intact; (Ears) no
drainage visualized; (Sinuses/Nose) no epistaxis; (Neck/Trachae) neck is supple,
trachae is midline; (Throat) oropharynx with slight dry mucous membranes; no
visible tongue biting
Pulmonary: decent aeration throughout; normal work of breathing
Cardiovascular: regular rate (improved from triage vitals); extremities well
perfused
Abdomen: soft, non-distended, non-tender; no rebound or guarding
Extremities: moving all extremities
Psychological: denies suicidal or homocidal ideation
Neurologic: (General) alert and oriented, good concentration, can follow
commands across midline. Speech is fluent without dysarthria or word-finding
difficulty. No nuchal rigidity. (Cranial nerves) Extraocular movements are
intact. Face is symmetric at rest and activation. Facial sensation is intact V1
through V3. Palate and tongue are midline. Sternocleidomastoid and trapezius
have full power. (Motor) moves all extremities. Muscle strength intact to hand
grasp, biceps/triceps, knee flexion/extension. (Cerebellar) finger to nose
intact. (Sensation) light touch sensation intact in the bilateral upper and
lower extremities

MEDICAL DECISION MAKING
Patient is a 41-year-old male with a past medical history significant for
bipolar disorder, depression, suicidal ideation/attempt, anxiety, PTSD, opioid
use disorder (on Suboxone) with recent inpatient mental health admission who
presents for evaluation. Upon initial evaluation, patient was in no acute
distress. His initial vital sign assessment is notable for being afebrile with
a borderline fast heart rate. His examination was as above. Initial management
strategy included initiation of suicide precautions, laboratory assessment,
mental health consultation. Laboratory assessment was notable for absence of
leukocytosis, normal hemoglobin, normal platelet count, normal renal function,
normal hepatic function panel, toxicologic evaluation was notable for a negative
acetaminophen, negative salicylates, negative ethanol, urine toxicologic
evaluation was evidence of cannabinoids, urinalysis without signs suggestive of
infection. TSH normal. EKG without evidence acute ST-T changes. Mental health
promptly presented for evaluation. Their evaluation was without evidence of
safety concerns. This was corroborated by conversation with police. Patient
continues to deny any safety concerns upon serial evaluation and upon
conversation with disparate care team members. Consequently, patient was
determined appropriate for discharge home by mental health with outpatient
management. Patient was provided with a copy of his safety plan. He has
multiple outpatient appointments that are currently scheduled following his
inpatient admission. Patient was instructed to follow the safety plan,
outpatient management plan as scheduled. Patient continued to deny safety
concerns. Upon plan for discharge, nursing notified care team that patient
significant other called and was concerned about patient safety. At this time,
patient care was signed out to Dr. Byrne pending conversation with patient
significant other and safey re-evaluation. Please see his note for the
consequent medical decision-making and ultimate disposition determination for
this patient.

DISPOSITION

                                                                                   00057
