Document: 01 Ex Parte PPO Petition, Filed Rockenhaus
Case: Rockenhaus v. Rockenhaus (PPO), Case No. 26-102221-PP
Court: Wayne County Circuit Court (Third Judicial Circuit)
Category: Opposing party
Page: 75 of 83
Source: https://rockenhaus.net/documents/wayneppo26-102221-pp-opposing-01ex-parte-ppo-petition-filedrockenhaus/
PDF: https://rockenhaus.net/wayne_ppo_26-102221-PP/opposing/01_EX PARTE PPO Petition, Filed_Rockenhaus.pdf

---

for with depressive episodes and past suicide attempts, unspecified anxiety
disorder, PTSD, and opioid use disorder on buprenorphine maintenance therapy who
presents to the Ann Arbor VA ED on 4/26/2023 after an attempted suicide.

The patient says he was pushed "over the edge" last night when he "could not
finish" during sexual intercourse with his fiance due to his chronic lower back
pain. An argument with his fiance ensued. After this, he proceeded to the train
tracks near his home and laid there for 10 minutes in anticipation of a train
striking and killing him. He believed the next train would arrive in 10 to 15
minutes. He stated he did not inform anyone else of his plan because he "did not
want anyone to stop [him]." However, he admits he "stupidly" neglected to turn
off his phone location, which allowed his fiance' to track him and put an end
to the suicide attempt. In talking to his fiance', he was tearful and acutely
distressed, though easily persuaded off of the rail track. She then took him to
our ED.

The patient says he has been feeling down over the past couple weeks due to
multiple stressors. He reports unremitting lower back pain and difficulty
receiving adequate treatment because "no one believes me." He also reports
having lost several friends to suicide; the most recent friend died three weeks
ago. He expressed guilt for not "seeing the signs" and laments what he "could
have done" for them. Additionally, his mother-in-law passed away several weeks
ago, as well. He says his fiance, Adrienne, is the "only reason" he is happy
and endorses feeling that he has let her down because he "can't keep it
together."

The patient moved to Michigan (where his fiance from) two months ago after
getting approval from his federal probation officer. He was released from prison
in October of 2022 (incarcerated for computer hacking and dark web involvement,
stating he was a "notorious" computer hacker, targeted by the federal
government) and reports having no "real friends" here.

Additional psychiatric symptoms include stated anxiety, described as an internal
sensation of restlessness. Denies excessive worry. He believes his last episode
of mania, described as having excessive energy, sleeping little, spending
excessively, and engaging in high risk activities, occurred while he was in the
service. He denies recurrent symptoms presently. He reports hearing muffled male
and female voices when no one is around that may represent auditory
hallucinations.

Other than smoking his marijuana pen on a daily basis (uses 1 cartridge of 60%
THC daily) to help control his anxiety and seizures, he denies drug use. He also
denies alcohol and tobacco use. He states that he takes clonazepam 0.5 mg most
nights to help him sleep, and Adderall obtained from an acquaintance "once in a
while" because he believes he has ADHD.

PAST PSYCHIATRIC HISTORY:
Diagnoses
- Bipolar 1 disorder
- Unspecified anxiety
- PTSD
- Opioid use disorder
- Daily cannabis use

                                                                                   00062
