Document: 01 Ex Parte PPO Petition, Filed Rockenhaus
Case: Rockenhaus v. Rockenhaus (PPO), Case No. 26-102221-PP
Court: Wayne County Circuit Court (Third Judicial Circuit)
Category: Opposing party
Page: 79 of 83
Source: https://rockenhaus.net/documents/wayneppo26-102221-pp-opposing-01ex-parte-ppo-petition-filedrockenhaus/
PDF: https://rockenhaus.net/wayne_ppo_26-102221-PP/opposing/01_EX PARTE PPO Petition, Filed_Rockenhaus.pdf

---

suicidal ideation, plan, and preparatory behavior, including lying across to
rail track in anticipation of an oncoming train. While he was primarily admitted
for a depressive episode, suspicion was maintained for a personality
contribution. This was reinforced by his rapid improvement without specific
intervention. He was maintained on his home lithium, prazosin, and trazodone.
Additionally low-dose risperidone was added to target depression, anxiety, and
insomnia. Suboxone dosing was not altered during the course of his stay.
Initially, the patient appeared labile, tearful, and dysphoric. However, his
symptoms quickly improved during hospitalization.

Patient had no acute medical issues over the course of his stay, other than
known chronic issues (e.g. chronic lower back pain).

Consults placed: None

Medication changes:
- Risperidone 0.5mg QID PRN for anxiety and sleep
Patient had been taking the Risperidone 0.5mg Q HS in the hospital and did well.
We had discussed continuing the 0.5mg Q HS and to use the 0.5mg Q HS PRN as
well.

Family/collateral contact: Fiance (Adrienne Blair) - no safety concerns at time
of discharge. He does not have access to any guns or weapons at home. She
reports seeing improvement in mood and anxiety during admission

CONDITION ON DISCHARGE:
On the day of discharge, and for at least 3 days prior, the patient denied
suicidal ideation or intent. He demonstrated future-oriented thinking, planning
to participate in outpatient psychiatric and substance use disorder care.
Additionally, he was interested in intensive outpatient treatment, possibly to
include recommended dialectal behavioral therapy, as well as couples' counseling
with his fiance?. He denied depressed mood. He also denied any hallucinations
or
delusions.

His risk factors for suicide include mood disorder, multiple suicide attempts,
personality traits, concurrent substance use, and psychosocial stressors,
including complex grief. However, these risk factors are best addressed by the
patient's commitment to participation in outpatient care, ongoing sobriety, and
engagement with his support system. It is unlikely that prolonging this
hospitalization will do anything more to reduce his suicide risk. His protective
factors are noted above, primarily that he is denying depressed mood or suicidal
thinking and is demonstrating future-oriented thinking and motivation to seek
treatment. He also denies access to guns. At this time, the patient appears to
be at low risk for suicide in the imminent future and is appropriate for
discharge.

Throughout this hospitalization, the patient denied any homicidal thinking.
Homicidal thoughts were not a feature of his original presentation. He
does not appear to be at risk for homicide in the imminent future.

Patient completed a Suicide Safety Prevention Plan prior to discharge and was
provided with a copy.

                                                                                   00066
