Document: 01 Motion To Terminate PPO Combined 2026-03-12
Case: Rockenhaus v. Rockenhaus (PPO), Case No. 26-102221-PP
Court: Wayne County Circuit Court (Third Judicial Circuit)
Category: Filed by Conrad
Filed: 2026-03-12
Page: 11 of 14
Source: https://rockenhaus.net/documents/wayneppo26-102221-pp-filed-01motiontoterminateppocombined2026-03-12/
PDF: https://rockenhaus.net/wayne_ppo_26-102221-PP/filed/01_Motion_to_Terminate_PPO_Combined_2026-03-12.pdf

---

• medicines called alpha-blockers, such as Hytrin® (terazosin HCl), Flomax® (tamsulosin HCl), Cardura®
(doxazosin mesylate), Minipress® (prazosin HCl), Uroxatral® (alfuzosin HCl), Jalyn® (dutasteride and
tamsulosin HCl), or Rapaflo® (silodosin). Alpha-blockers are sometimes prescribed for prostate
problems or high blood pressure. In some patients, the use of VIAGRA with alpha-blockers can lead to
a drop in blood pressure or to fainting
• medicines called HIV protease inhibitors, such as ritonavir (Norvir®), indinavir sulfate (Crixivan®),
saquinavir (Fortovase® or Invirase®), or atazanavir sulfate (Reyataz®).
• some types of oral antifungal medicines, such as ketoconazole (Nizoral®) and itraconazole (Sporanox®)
• some types of antibiotics, such as clarithromycin (Biaxin®), telithromycin (Ketek®), or erythromycin
• other medicines that treat high blood pressure
• other medicines or treatments for ED
• VIAGRA contains sildenafil, which is the same medicine found in another drug called REVATIO.
REVATIO is used to treat a rare disease called pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). VIAGRA should
not be used with REVATIO or with other PAH treatments containing sildenafil or any other PDE5
inhibitors (such as Adcirca® [tadalafil])
VIAGRA does not protect against sexually transmitted diseases, including HIV.
The most common side effects of VIAGRA: headache; flushing; upset stomach; abnormal vision, such
as changes in color vision (such as having a blue color tinge) and blurred vision; stuffy or runny nose;
back pain; muscle pain; nausea; dizziness; rash.
Indication
VIAGRA (sildenafil citrate) is prescription medicine used to treat erectile dysfunction (ED).
VIAGRA is not for women or children.
Please see Full Prescribing Information and Patient Information.
VIAGRA is available by prescription only in 25 mg, 50 mg, and 100 mg tablets.
*Eligibility required. Terms and conditions apply. Full terms and conditions can be found at
VIAGRA.com/savingsoffer. This Savings Offer will be accepted only at participating pharmacies. This
Savings Offer is not health
insurance. No membership fees. Maximum savings cap per calendar year is $4,200. This Savings Offer is
not
valid for prescriptions that are eligible to be reimbursed, in whole or in part, by Medicaid, Medicare, or other
federal or state healthcare programs. This Savings Offer is not valid for prescriptions that are eligible to be
reimbursed in whole by private insurance plans or other health or pharmacy benefit programs. Viatris
reserves
the right to revoke, rescind, or amend this Savings Offer without notice. For further information, call 1-877-
822-
7971, visit VIAGRA.com, or write: Viatris, 1000 Mylan Boulevard, Canonsburg, PA 15317.
The information provided is for education purposes only and is not intended to replace discussions with a
healthcare provider. Decisions regarding patient care must be made with a healthcare provider.
You are encouraged to report adverse events related to Viatris products by calling 1-877-446-3679 (US
only). If
you    prefer,   you   may    contact   the   US   Food   and   Drug    Administration   (FDA)    directly.   Visit
www.fda.gov/MedWatch
or call 1-800-FDA-1088.
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
VIAGRA, REVATIO, and CARDURA are registered trademarks of Viatris Specialty LLC, a Viatris Company.
The Blue Diamond Tablet Shape is a registered trademark of Viatris Specialty LLC, a Viatris Company.
VIATRIS and the Viatris Logo are trademarks of Mylan Inc., a Viatris Company.
© 2024 Viatris Inc. All Rights Reserved.
VIAG-2023-0196 V2
This is a promotional message from Viatris Inc. intended for US audiences only.
