Document: 03 PPO Pet Reponse To Motion To Terminate
Case: Rockenhaus v. Rockenhaus (PPO), Case No. 26-102221-PP
Court: Wayne County Circuit Court (Third Judicial Circuit)
Category: Opposing party
Page: 3 of 24
Source: https://rockenhaus.net/documents/wayneppo26-102221-pp-opposing-03ppopetreponsetomotiontoterminate/
PDF: https://rockenhaus.net/wayne_ppo_26-102221-PP/opposing/03_ppo_pet_reponse_to_motion_to_terminate.pdf

---

appropriate mental health and drug treatment while in prison." Clearly Respondent's

          (Defendant) mental state and drug use were at issue. Additionally, The Eastern District's

          Judgment In Criminal Case contained Special Conditions of Supervision which

          Respondent (Defendant) repeatedly violated. So much so that Honorable Stephen J.
0
0
0
M
..;.      Murphy, JJJ of the United States District Court, Eastern District of Michigan for the
..,.
0

it:::..   Southern Division during sentencing on the supervised release violations stated on the

          record, "I do not think that Mr. Rockenhaus, based on the record I've seen here in front of

          me and the argument made by the Assistant United States Attorney, is unsupervisable,

          and I'm therefore going to revoke supervised release." (Exhibit F-Transcript pg. 25).

          Judge Murphy went on to state that "this is just an unbelievably lengthy period of - - of

          noncompliance." (See exhibit F pg. 25). Judge Murphy then imposed "six months
..:
....w     custody, United States Bureau of Prisons, recommendation for treatment and therapy and
5
U)

z0        medication to the extent it can be accomplished in such a short time, no further
z:J
en        supervised release." (See exhibit F pg. 26).
re
N
          Petitioner is the legal wife of respondent. No prenuptial agreement exists declaring the
~
...J
a..       income of the parties as separate property and while Federal law recognizes payment of
w·
w
u
5         VA and SSDI as separate property, these sources of income are used to calculate support
a::
w
U)
...J      obligations and utilized to support the marital status quo in Domestic Relations cases .
~w
...J
:t:
          Petitioner has filed a Complaint for Divorce in the Third Circuit Court. Division of
(.)
er0       marital assets and debts and/or separate property claims shall be addressed in the pending
...J
<
          domestic relations case. The Social Security Administration (SSA) and/or the Veterans

          Administration Office of the Inspector General (OIG) has not contacted the Petitioner

          regarding any sort of investigation.

                                                                                         Page 3 of 6
