Document: 03 PPO Pet Reponse To Motion To Terminate
Case: Rockenhaus v. Rockenhaus (PPO), Case No. 26-102221-PP
Court: Wayne County Circuit Court (Third Judicial Circuit)
Category: Opposing party
Page: 4 of 24
Source: https://rockenhaus.net/documents/wayneppo26-102221-pp-opposing-03ppopetreponsetomotiontoterminate/
PDF: https://rockenhaus.net/wayne_ppo_26-102221-PP/opposing/03_ppo_pet_reponse_to_motion_to_terminate.pdf
Text source: native

---

Special Conditions of Supervision required the Respondent upon release, to report to

                    Veterans Affairs to "participate in a program of testing and treatment for substance

                    abuse" and "participate in any combination of psychiatric, psychological, or mental

                    health treatment programs and follow the rules and regulations of that program, until

                    discharged." (See Exhibit E). It is unclear if this is in-patient or out-patient treatment.

                    Upon information and belief, the Respondent was to be transported when released to the

                    VA for treatment. Petitioner attempted to help facilitate services for Respondent, but he

                    was combative. Given Respondent's escalating aggressive behavior, Petitioner feared for

                    her physical and phycological wellbeing. Respondent conflates Petitioner's grief over the

                    loss of her marriage with acceptance of his actions. While Petitioner continues to care for

                    the Respondent on a basic human level, she no longer wishes to be subjected to the
      ...:
      w
      1-            consequences of his criminal behavior. What is most disturbing is that the Respondent
      5
      en
      z0            fails to recognize and seems to talce no responsibility for the consequences of his criminal
      z
      ::,
      Cl)           conduct and resulting fallout heaped upon Petitioner.
      (0
      ,..._
      N
               3. Petitioner denies the allegations contained in paragraph three (3) as untrue. A PPO can
      ~
      ...J
      0..           legally exclude Respondent from entering Petitioner's residence whether the residence
      cJi
      w
      (.)
                    could be considered marital.
      ~
      w
      en
      ...J     4.   Petitioner denies the allegations contained in paragraph four (4) as untrue. PPO pleadings
      ct
      C,!)
      w
      ...J          are not public .
      ::c
      (.)
      ~
      0
      ...J
               5.   Petitioner denies the allegations contained in paragraph five (5) as untrue. Respondent
      ct
                    claims that the Petitioner is impersonating him to third parties. This is false. Upon

                    information and belief, the Respondent is using fictitious usemames such as "Dan Ferris"

                    which would only be known to him because it was a pet name used by the Petitioner for

                                                                                                    Page 4 of 6

Document Ref: OHJRQ-XFOJZ~_MUMZ-GHKZF -
