Document: 03 PPO Pet Reponse To Motion To Terminate
Case: Rockenhaus v. Rockenhaus (PPO), Case No. 26-102221-PP
Court: Wayne County Circuit Court (Third Judicial Circuit)
Category: Opposing party
Page: 17 of 24
Source: https://rockenhaus.net/documents/wayneppo26-102221-pp-opposing-03ppopetreponsetomotiontoterminate/
PDF: https://rockenhaus.net/wayne_ppo_26-102221-PP/opposing/03_ppo_pet_reponse_to_motion_to_terminate.pdf

---

Petition for Personal Protection Order
                                                                                                (Domestic)

                                                                                Case No.

                                             STATEMENT OF FACTS

4. (Continued)

 Petitioner alias: Adrienne Blair, Adrienne Hein.

 Respondent alias: Rock Rockenhaus.

 The parties do not currently reside together.

 The parties' relationship is as follows: Spouses.

 Other children living in Petitioner's home who are not the children of Respondent: None.

 Other children living in Respondent's home who are not the children of Petitioner: None.

 - - - - Incidents-----

 a. One incident of violence, threat of violence, or other abusive behavior by Conrad Rockenhaus occurred on or
 about This incident occurred on or about February 18, 2026, when the Respondent filed public documents
 designed to legally silence me, isolate me, and strip me of protections immediately after I reported his history of
 sexual abuse and coercion to his legal counsel and medical providers at the following location: Electronically
 over the BOP Corrlinks Email System and the Federal Court Public Docket (PACER).

    At that time, Conrad Rockenhaus said or did the following: On February 9, 2026, I officially informed the
 Respondent's attorney that I was revoking his residence at my home due to his history of physical and
 sexual abuse, and that I would not pick him up upon his March 2, 2026 release from prison. On February
 12, I provided his legal and medical teams with digital receipts proving he had secretly stockpiled high-dose
 Viagra to chemically facilitate sexual abuse against me in early 2025 while I was medically incapacitated.
 Immediately after I reported this sexual abuse, the Respondent began a campaign of retaliatory coercive
 control. On February 14, 2026, he used the prison's electronic communication system to send a
 cyberstalking taunt to my private email, using a mocking alias to terrorize me regarding my past trauma.
 Four days later, on February 18, ~026, h.e escalated thil?,.harassment by filing retaliatory public cour:t
 documents designed to legally silence nie. In these filings, he falsely daimed he had revoked my Power of
 Attorney weeks prior and explicitly demanded that the court 'no longer accept any filings' from me. This was
 a calculated act of litigation harassment designed to strip away my legal protections and isolate me just
 days before his release.           ••                         •    •'          ••               •
 His public filings directly contradict his private manipulation. While publicly claiming he 'fired' me to silence
 my reports of abuse, he privately instructed his attorney to demand that I pick him up and house him.
 Because he is medically unstable with a Traumatic Brain Injury, has no independent housing, and is
 actively using federal government systems to stalk and punish me for exposing his sexual predation, I am in
 extreme, reasonable fear that he will attempt to ambush my home and force entry immediately upon his
 release on March 2nd.

    Because of this incident I felt completely terrorized, intimidated, and in severe fear for my physical safety. I

                                                     Statement of Facts
                                                          Page 1
