Document: 03 PPO Pet Reponse To Motion To Terminate
Case: Rockenhaus v. Rockenhaus (PPO), Case No. 26-102221-PP
Court: Wayne County Circuit Court (Third Judicial Circuit)
Category: Opposing party
Page: 20 of 24
Source: https://rockenhaus.net/documents/wayneppo26-102221-pp-opposing-03ppopetreponsetomotiontoterminate/
PDF: https://rockenhaus.net/wayne_ppo_26-102221-PP/opposing/03_ppo_pet_reponse_to_motion_to_terminate.pdf

---

digital harassment from prison while I was recovering from a head injury, I realized I could never truly escape
him. This years-long, inescapable campaign of terror has resulted in a formal medical diagnosis of severe
PTSD, leaving me in a constant state of hypervigilance and in absolute, paralyzing dread of what he will do to
me if this order is not signed today.

    As a result, I was physically injured: During these various incidents, I sustained physical injuries, including
soreness, bruising, and physical pain from being forcibly grabbed, pushed, and physically overpowered by the
Respondent. I do not have photographic evidence or medical reports for these specific injuries because the VA
and law enforcement had previously minimized his physical violence against me in May 2023. That systemic
failure taught me that documenting or reporting my injuries would only result in me being gaslit and blamed.
Enduring these physical injuries and bruises in silence became a necessary survival tactic to avoid triggering his
escalating volatility.

f. Another incident of violence, threat of violence, or other abusive behavior by Conrad Rockenhaus occurred
on or about This incident occurred on or about two separate occasions in 2024, when the Respondent
maliciously weaponized law enforcement against me by making false reports to the police to trap me and
discredit me at the following location: 2468 Fernwood Ave Ann Arbor, Ml 48104.

   At that time, Conrad Rockenhaus said or did the following: On two separate occasions in 2024, I fled our
residence to escape the Respondent's escalating volatility and abuse. To punish me for escaping and to
reassert his control, the Respondent maliciously called 911 and filed false reports claiming that I was
suicidal and intended to commit 'suicide by cop.' Because of his calculated lies, responding officers
intercepted me, detained me, patted me down, and treated me like a dangerous criminal while I was
actively fleeing domestic abuse. He deliberately weaponized the police to traumatize me, destroy my
credibility with law enforcement, and ensure I would be too terrified to ever call 911 for help when he
assaulted me in the future.

  Because of this incident I felt completely helpless, discredited, and terrified of the very people who were
supposed to protect me. Realizing he could successfully manipulate the police into targeting me instead of him
made me feel like there was absolutely no escape from his abuse. It left me with profound trauma and a
permanent fear that if I ever called the authorities for help, he would simply lie and have me arrested or
committed.

    The police were called and did the following: The police were called by the Respondent. Operating on his
false, malicious reports that I was suicidal and seeking 'suicide by cop,' the responding officers intercepted me
while I was actively fleeing his abuse on foot. Because of his calculated lies, the police detained me, physically
patted me down, and treated me like a dangerous criminal rather than a victim escaping a highly volatile
environment. By weaponizing the police to interrogate and detain me, he successfully discredited me and
achieved his goal of making me completely terrified to ever seek help from law enforcement again.

g. I would also like the court to know: The Respondent poses an imminent, life-threatening danger to me
upon his scheduled release from federal prison on March 2, 2026. He is a 100% disabled veteran suffering
from a severe, untreated Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) and a seizure disorder. He is currently being
administered a volatile combination of psychotropic drugs and Suboxone, which is the exact medication
class that fueled his physical aggression toward me in May 2023. This danger is not speculative: following a
previous release from federal custody in October 2022, he suffered an immediate catastrophic
decompensation and attempted suicide within one week, requiring over 60 days of inpatient VA
hospitalization. He has a history of extreme mental instability and suicidality, including a 2023 psychiatric
hospitalization after he laid on railroad tracks awaiting an oncoming train.
Beyond physical violence, he exercises profound coercive control through financial abuse, medical
deception, and the 'facilitation of violence'. He has dissipated over $150,000 of our family assets due to his
TBl-driven impulsivity. In September 2024, after I was physically assaulted by a landlord, the Respondent
knowingly lied to me about securing legal counsel, deceiving me into believing I was safe and effectively
trapping me in a residence with a violent aggressor. He also pathologically lies about his medical stability;
prior to his arrest, he spent 11 months deceiving me and his Probation Officer into believing he was
attending VA psychiatric appointments when he had actually abandoned his care.
From prison, he continues to file retaliatory legal motions specifically designed to discredit and silence me.
When he cannot physically reach me, he utilizes proxies, previously outsourcing his harassment by giving
my private contact information to the associates of indicted criminals to bombard me with threats and

                                                 Statement of Facts
                                                      Page4
