Document: 37a Helgren Comprehensive Witness Affidavit Final 2026-05-14
Case: Rockenhaus v. Rockenhaus (Divorce), Case No. 26-104594-DO
Court: Wayne County Circuit Court (Third Judicial Circuit), Hon. Nicole N. Goodson
Category: Filed by Conrad
Filed: 2026-05-14
Page: 4 of 6
Source: https://rockenhaus.net/documents/waynedo26-104594-do-filed-37ahelgrencomprehensivewitnessaffidavitfinal2026-05-14/
PDF: https://rockenhaus.net/wayne_do_26-104594-DO/filed/37a_Helgren_Comprehensive_Witness_Affidavit_FINAL_2026-05-14.pdf
Text source: native

---

Counter-Plaintiff. Adrienne refused to release any of Counter-Plaintiff's property or funds to me on each
occasion. In refusing my request on one of those occasions, Adrienne told me, in substance, that to release
Counter-Plaintiff's property or funds to me would be "funding my rapist." I personally heard Adrienne make
this statement to me. The statement was made in person at Adrienne's residence.
13. ADRIENNE'S MARCH 7, 2026 ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION TO ME, SENT THROUGH AN
ACCOUNT IN COUNTER-PLAINTIFF'S NAME. On March 7, 2026, I received an electronic communication
that appeared on its face to have been sent from an account in Counter-Plaintiff's name. Based on the
content of the communication, which referred to Counter-Plaintiff in the third person and was written in
language that was not consistent with prior communications I had received from Counter-Plaintiff over the
course of our friendship, I recognized at the time that the communication had in fact been authored by
Adrienne, using the same form of unauthorized access to Counter-Plaintiff's accounts that is further
described in paragraph 8 above. The text of the communication, in full and verbatim, was:

          "I want him to have money and care, you are trying to do the exact thing to prevent that. All my
          ducks are in a row and I have done all the mandatory paperwork, you are trying to harm him by
          believing his lies and that will be obvious to any court."

After receiving this communication, I forwarded the substance of it to Counter-Plaintiff directly in order to
alert him to what I had observed. A true and accurate screenshot of my conversation with Counter-Plaintiff in
which I conveyed the substance of this communication to him is attached hereto as Exhibit C.
14. ADRIENNE'S MARCH 29, 2026 HANDWRITTEN SIGNS ADDRESSED TO ME. On or about March 29,
2026, I personally observed two handwritten signs posted on the front door of 26695 Ross Drive, Redford
Township, Michigan. Both signs were written in blue ink and were addressed to me by name, "Ann Helgren."
The first sign read in substance: "Ann Helgren: Cease your Legal abuse against me immediately. Stop
appearing anywhere within my sight immediately." The second sign read in substance: "Ann Helgren: On
march 3 I told you in writing to stay away. You have put threatening documents on my property on behalf of
my rapist twice since then." The "threatening documents" referenced on the signs described the lawful
service of court documents in the matters between Adrienne and Counter-Plaintiff, which I performed
openly, on Counter-Plaintiff's behalf, in my capacity as a person authorized to perform such service. A true
and accurate photograph of these two signs as they appeared on the front door of 26695 Ross Drive on
March 29, 2026 is attached hereto as Exhibit D.
15. MARCH 30 OR 31, 2026 FACEBOOK POSTS FROM "SHERRI ADAIR" AND "JENN REEDE" AND
MY IDENTIFICATION OF THE OPERATOR OF THE "SHERRI ADAIR" ACCOUNT. On or about March 30
or March 31, 2026, I personally observed Facebook posts authored by two accounts using the names
"Sherri Adair" and "Jenn Reede." The "Sherri Adair" account posted a comment containing false-accusation
framing concerning Counter-Plaintiff. The "Jenn Reede" account posted a reply asserting, in substance, that
Counter-Plaintiff was being hidden at my residence. I personally posted a public reply identifying the
operator of the "Sherri Adair" account as Adrienne Marjorie Rockenhaus. My basis for this identification was
the content, the specific statements, and the characteristic phrasing in the "Sherri Adair" account's posts,
which I recognized from my longstanding personal friendship with Adrienne as her own writing and her own
assertions. I preserved screenshots of the "Sherri Adair" post, the "Jenn Reede" reply, and my own public
response. True and accurate copies of those screenshots are attached hereto as Exhibit E.
16. ADRIENNE'S APRIL 9, 2026 BLANKETED ANTI-SERVICE SIGNS. On or about April 9, 2026, I
personally observed approximately eight to ten identical printed signs covering substantially the entire front
door of 26695 Ross Drive, Redford Township, Michigan. Each sign read in substance: "STOP. Do NOT
serve documents here. All documents must be served to my attorney:" followed by the name and contact
information of Adrienne's counsel of record, Lisa R. Baker at Aldrich Legal Services, PLLC. A true and
accurate photograph of these signs as they appeared on the front door of 26695 Ross Drive on April 9, 2026
is attached hereto as Exhibit F.
