Document: 03a PPO Pet Reponse To Motion To Terminate Pt 1
Case: Rockenhaus v. Rockenhaus (PPO), Case No. 26-102221-PP
Court: Wayne County Circuit Court (Third Judicial Circuit)
Category: Opposing party
Page: 20 of 23
Source: https://rockenhaus.net/documents/wayneppo26-102221-pp-opposing-03appopetreponsetomotiontoterminatept1/
PDF: https://rockenhaus.net/wayne_ppo_26-102221-PP/opposing/03a_ppo_pet_reponse_to_motion_to_terminate_pt_1.pdf

---

EXHIBIT C: EVIDENCE OF COERCIVE CONTROL, LITIGATION
HARASSMENT, AND WITNESS SILENCING

To the Honorable Judge:

The attached documents demonstrate how the Respondent is actively weaponizing
the federal court docket to psychologically terrorize me, silence my reports of his
sexual abuse, and lay a trap for his impending release on March 2, 2026. He is
utilizing litigation harassment to assert coercive control through contradictory
actions:

1. The Private Demand: The first document is an email from his defense attorney
(dated Feb 9, 2026) relaying the Respondent's direct instructions demanding I pick
him up at the prison gates so we can "go home."

2. The Public Legal Trap: The second document is a handwritten motion he filed
in federal court (docketed Feb 18). In it, he swears to a judge that he "revoked" my
legal standing weeks prior on Jan 25.

3. Retaliatory Witness Silencing: As demonstrated in the prior exhibit (Exhibit
B), I formally notified the Respondent's attorney on February 12, 2026, of his
history of sexual coercion and physical assault. In direct retaliation, the
Respondent is using this federal court motion to explicitly demand the judge "no
longer accept any filings" from me. He is using the court docket to legally gag a
domestic violence victim and strip away my protections just days before he is
released.

Conclusion: The Respondent cannot legally tell a federal judge that he stripped me
of all authority in January, while simultaneously ordering me to be his release
custodian in February. He is attempting to legally isolate me, discredit my reports
of his sexual predation, and privately force his way into my home upon release.
This litigation harassment places me in extreme fear for my safety and liberty.

                                                                                       00023
