Document: Defendants Interrogatories First Set 2026-04-16
Case: Rockenhaus v. Rockenhaus (Divorce), Case No. 26-104594-DO
Court: Wayne County Circuit Court (Third Judicial Circuit), Hon. Nicole N. Goodson
Category: Discovery
Filed: 2026-04-16
Page: 4 of 8
Source: https://rockenhaus.net/documents/waynedo26-104594-do-discovery-defendantsinterrogatoriesfirstset2026-04-16/
PDF: https://rockenhaus.net/wayne_do_26-104594-DO/discovery/Defendants_Interrogatories_First_Set_2026-04-16.pdf

---

obtained it; (d) whether you had authorization to access it; and (e) in which proceeding(s) it
was used.
INTERROGATORY NO. 19: State whether you contacted the Federal Bureau of Prisons or
FCI Milan at any time to request, obtain, or access Conrad Alan Rockenhaus's medical
records, mental health records, psychiatric records, medication records, or any other
protected health information. If so, state: (a) the date of each request or contact; (b) the
name and title of the BOP or FCI Milan employee you contacted; (c) the method of contact;
(d) what specific records or information you requested; (e) what authority or basis you
claimed for the request; (f) whether you identified yourself as his Power of Attorney,
Representative Payee, next friend, spouse, or in any other capacity; (g) what records or
information were provided to you; (h) what you did with those records after receiving them;
and (i) to whom, if anyone, you disclosed those records or any information contained in them.
INTERROGATORY NO. 20: State whether you added any person to a YouTube Premium
family plan, Google One family plan, Apple Family Sharing plan, or any other shared
subscription service account at any time during the marriage. If so, state: (a) the name of
each person added; (b) the date each person was added; (c) the subscription service involved;
(d) whether the account was paid for using marital funds or funds belonging to Conrad Alan
Rockenhaus; (e) the nature of your relationship with each person added; and (f) whether
Conrad Alan Rockenhaus was aware of or consented to the addition of each person.
INTERROGATORY NO. 21: State how you came to know that Conrad Alan Rockenhaus was
designated as a Care Level 4 inmate by the Federal Bureau of Prisons. Specifically state: (a)
when you first learned of his Care Level 4 designation; (b) from whom or from what source
you obtained this information; (c) whether that person or source was authorized to disclose
his BOP medical classification to you; (d) whether you solicited any BOP employee, medical
staff member, or other person to provide you with his care level designation or any other
medical classification information; (e) how you came to know that he had uncontrolled
seizures while in BOP custody; (f) the source of your information regarding the nature,
frequency, or severity of his seizure disorder while incarcerated; (g) whether you filed,
submitted, or communicated any complaints, concerns, or reports to the BOP, FCI Milan, or
any BOP medical staff regarding Conrad Alan Rockenhaus's medical condition, care, or
treatment, whether solicited or unsolicited; and (h) whether you solicited any other person to
contact BOP staff on your behalf or on Conrad Alan Rockenhaus's behalf regarding his
medical condition or care level.
INTERROGATORY NO. 22: Identify all of Conrad Alan Rockenhaus's private email
accounts, digital accounts, cloud storage accounts, or online platforms that you accessed,
monitored, or from which you extracted data at any time, including but not limited to
accounts at rockenhaus.com, cannabytes.net, icloud.com, gmail.com, or any VA or SSA online
portal. For each account, state: (a) the account; (b) the dates of access; (c) how access was
obtained; and (d) what data was extracted or reviewed.

                                   VIII. POWER OF ATTORNEY
INTERROGATORY NO. 23: Identify every action you took, communication you made,
transaction you executed, account you accessed, document you signed, representation you
made, or authority you exercised under or purportedly under the Power of Attorney granted
to you by Conrad Alan Rockenhaus while he was incarcerated at FCI Milan or any other
federal facility. For each action, state: (a) the date; (b) the nature of the action; (c) the person
or institution with whom you communicated or transacted; (d) whether you identified yourself
as acting under the Power of Attorney; and (e) the outcome or result of the action.
INTERROGATORY NO. 24: Identify every communication you sent to or received from any
