Document: Exhibit 15 Helgren Affidavit
Case: Rockenhaus v. Rockenhaus (PPO), Case No. 26-102221-PP
Court: Wayne County Circuit Court (Third Judicial Circuit)
Category: Filed by Conrad
Page: 5 of 6
Source: https://rockenhaus.net/documents/wayneppo26-102221-pp-filed-exhibits-exhibit15helgrenaffidavit/
PDF: https://rockenhaus.net/wayne_ppo_26-102221-PP/filed/Exhibits/Exhibit_15_Helgren_Affidavit.pdf
Text source: native

---

11. WHAT I TOLD THE VETERANS ADMINISTRATION: When I brought Conrad to

the Veterans Administration, I told the staff there that Conrad was not suicidal and that I was

not willing to lie for Petitioner. I said this because it was the truth based on my own

observations, and because I would not make a false statement to a federal medical institution

about another person's mental health at the request of Petitioner or anyone else.

12. MY EMOTIONAL STATE DURING THESE EVENTS: Throughout these events on

March 2, 2026, I was personally distressed by Petitioner's demands that I make false

statements about Conrad to the Veterans Administration and to the Redford Township Police. I

had known Petitioner for years and had considered her a friend.

13. END OF FRIENDSIDP: On March 3, 2026, the day after the events described above,

Petitioner ended our friendship. To the best of my understanding, the reason she ended the

friendship was my refusal to make the false statements she had asked me to make on March 2,

2026.

14. NO COMPENSATION: I am making this statement voluntarily. I have not been offered

or given any compensation, promise of benefit, or inducement in exchange for this affidavit. I

am making this statement because it is the truth based on my personal, firsthand knowledge.

15. BASIS OF KNOWLEDGE: Everything stated in this affidavit is based on my personal,

firsthand knowledge. I observed the events described herein directly. Petitioner communicated

the instructions described herein to me directly. I am not making any statement in this affidavit

based on hearsay or speculation.

16. TRUTH OF STATEMENT: I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State

of Michigan that the foregoing is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
