Document: Exhibit 05 Ross Dr Lease
Case: Rockenhaus v. Rockenhaus (PPO), Case No. 26-102221-PP
Court: Wayne County Circuit Court (Third Judicial Circuit)
Category: Filed by Conrad
Page: 3 of 5
Source: https://rockenhaus.net/documents/wayneppo26-102221-pp-filed-exhibits-exhibit05rossdrlease/
PDF: https://rockenhaus.net/wayne_ppo_26-102221-PP/filed/Exhibits/Exhibit_05_Ross_Dr_Lease.pdf
Text source: ocr (OCR, confidence 93%, not quotable)

---

MACHINE TRANSCRIPTION (OCR), confidence 93%. NOT A QUOTABLE SOURCE.

This page of the filing is a scanned image with no text layer. The text below
was produced by optical character recognition and contains transcription
errors: OCR of these documents interleaves vertical margin text into body
lines. Use it to find and describe what the filing covers. Do NOT quote it as
the words of the document; open the linked PDF for the actual text.

$45.00 for each dishonored bank check. Time is of the essence and failure to pay rent in accordance with these terms and
conditions set forth shall constitute a default of the entire Rental Agreement.

The Landlord may increase the Rent for the Property upon providing to the Tenant the greater of 30 days notice and any
notice required by the Act.

UTILITY BILLS: The Resident/Tenant agrees and shall be responsible for the payment of any and all utilities, including
water and trash removal services. The Resident/Tenant shall make arrangements at his/her expense to initiate service of
utilities, including but not limited to electric, gas, and telephone, no later than the first day of tenancy and shall pay utility
expensed in a timely fashion. Failure to comply strictly with the terms of this provision shall constitute a default and all
rights and remedies shall accrue to the Owner thereon as provided by law. If the Owner is responsible for utilities pursuant
to this Rental Agreement, the Resident/Tenant shall exercise due care not to operate such utility service in an
unreasonable manner. The use or operation of an auxiliary or supplemental heating device shail constitute a safety
hazard and unless written permission for such use is obtained, it shall not be permitted. The Resident/Tenant agrees to
maintain a telephone, which number must be provided to the Owner. Any changes in phone number(s) must be
communicated to the Owner immediately.

OCCUPANCY: The premises shall be used as a residence with no more than 2_ adults, 8 children, and for no other
purpose without the written consent of the Owner. Occupancy guests staying overnight three (3) days or more will be
considered a breach of ihis Rental Agreement unless the Resident/Tenant obtains the Owner's written consent.

PETS: No pets shall be brought on the premises. either inside or outside, without prior written consent of the Owner.
Immediate eviction can occur if this condition is not met. Resident/Tenant also agrees to pay a $250 non-refundable pet
cleaning fee, $250 non-refundable pet deposit/pet and $30/month/pet to the beginning of tenancy. If a pel(s) is found on
the premises of the Property that was not recorded with the landlord upon signing of the lease or thereafter, the tenant will
immediately be charged the above non refundable pet fee and monthly fees accordingly for every month from the start of
the lease up to the month of the incident. and for each month thereafter.

‘Tenant is allowed 1 dog; Toro, black Lab, 11 years old. Autumn 5 years old Cat. Tenant agrees to
follow all township rules and regulations for dog ewnership/licensure. Tenant agrees to pay $250 non
refundable pet deposit. $30/mo pet rent and cleaning fee is waived for this dog and cat for this lease.
Cleaning fee may be placed in future lease renewals.

ENTRY AND INSPECTION: The Resident/Tenant shall permit the Owner to enter the premises at reasonable limes
and/or upon reasonable notice for purpose of inspecting the premises or showing the same to the prospective tenants or
purchasers, or for making necessary repairs. Prior to the expiration of the rental term, the Agent hereby reserves the right
to affix “For Rent” or “For Sale” signs on the premises.

ABANDONMENT: Abandonment shall have occurred if: (1) without notifying the Owner, the Resident/Tenant is absent for
fifteen (15) days while rent is due and the Resident/Tenant’'s possessions remain in the premises, or (2) without notifying
the Owner, the Resident/Tenant is absent for three (3) days while rent is due and substantially all of the Resident/Tenant's
possessions have been removed from the premises. If the Resident/Tenant abandons the premises. the Owner shall have
the right 10 enter and repossess the remainder of the term, and/or the cost of re-renting the premises, including rent lost.
the cost of restoration to the condition at the time it was rented, and reasonable fees fro re-renting the property. If the
Resident/ Tenant has left personal property in the premises, the Owner shall remove and store it and give the
Resident/'Tenant notice of this action. The Resident/Tenant may obtain such personai property from the Owner by paying
the reascnable moving and storage expenses, unpaid rent, utilities and damages ansing as a direct result of the
Resident/ Tenant's tenancy occupancy and pay other damages arising as a direct result of the Resident/Tenant's tenancy
occupancy and pay other damages of any type whatsoever which approximately arise from any acis of the

Resident Tenant at its fair market value and set off the proceeds toward any amount the Resident Tenant may owe the
Owner.

ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING: The Resident/Tenant shall not assign this Rental Agreement or sublet any portion of
the premises without consent of the Owner.

RESIDENTIAL LEASE — Property Address, Page 2
