Document: 12 Second Supplemental Motion Facebook Post 2026-05-06
Case: Rockenhaus v. Rockenhaus (PPO), Case No. 26-102221-PP
Court: Wayne County Circuit Court (Third Judicial Circuit)
Category: Filed by Conrad
Filed: 2026-05-06
Page: 10 of 13
Source: https://rockenhaus.net/documents/wayneppo26-102221-pp-filed-12secondsupplementalmotionfacebookpost2026-05-06/
PDF: https://rockenhaus.net/wayne_ppo_26-102221-PP/filed/12_Second_Supplemental_Motion_Facebook_Post_2026-05-06.pdf
Text source: native

---

consistent with the AirTag-derived geolocation I describe in Paragraph 5 of this Affidavit.
12. On or about May 6, 2026, I learned that the Demi-Jo Matthews Account had also posted a comment on
    Ms. Helgren's personal Facebook account, on a photograph posted by Ms. Helgren on April 24, 2026
    showing Ms. Helgren and me together at her residence. The text of the comment reads, in pertinent part:
    "Is that right before you killed him?" followed by a Facebook share URL.
13. The accusation in the comment is materially false. I am alive. Ms. Helgren did not kill me. I am personally
    familiar with Ms. Helgren and the photograph in question. The photograph was taken on April 24, 2026 at
    Ms. Helgren's residence, on a visit during which Ms. Helgren and I were both alive, both in good spirits,
    and both without harm to one another.
14. I do not personally know any person by the name "Demi-Jo Matthews." I did not authorize the Demi-Jo
    Matthews Account or any other third party to share, comment on, or publish Facebook content
    concerning me or my witnesses. I have no relationship of any kind with the holder of the Demi-Jo
    Matthews Account.
15. On information and belief, the Demi-Jo Matthews Account has Ms. Helgren blocked, with the result that
    Ms. Helgren is unable to view the Account, view its activity, or respond to the comment described in
    Paragraph 12 in real time. This information was provided to me by Ms. Helgren during conversation
    regarding the comment.
16. Ann Helgren and Pamela Jordan, both named in the May 4, 2026 Facebook Post, are persons whose
    observations and statements have supported, or are expected to support, my pending Motion to Modify,
    Extend, or Terminate Personal Protection Order.
17. The May 4, 2026 Facebook Post also names three additional persons besides Ms. Helgren and Ms.
    Jordan: William Keene (identified in the Post as "Ann Arbor"), Jason Zielinski (identified in the Post as
    "Milan"), and Michael Kamke (identified in the Post as "Ann Arbor"). I state the following as to each of
    those three persons:
 a. Mr. Keene was the landlord of a residence at 2468 Fernwood Avenue at which Petitioner and I formerly
 resided. Petitioner and I had a legal dispute with Mr. Keene regarding our tenancy at that property.
 Petitioner separately filed an assault complaint against Mr. Keene during that dispute. I have no
 independent grievance against Mr. Keene relating to my own person or property that would explain his
 inclusion on a list of persons "responsible" for my death.
 b. Mr. Zielinski is a corrections officer at the Federal Correctional Institution at Milan, Michigan. During my
 federal incarceration at FCI Milan, Petitioner alleged that Mr. Zielinski had engaged in trolling activity on her
 Facebook account. Petitioner filed a complaint with the Federal Bureau of Prisons concerning Mr. Zielinski.
 Petitioner also asked me to file a corresponding complaint with the BOP, and I did so. I have no independent
 grievance against Mr. Zielinski relating to my own person or property that would explain his inclusion on a
 list of persons "responsible" for my death.
 c. Mr. Kamke is my residential neighbor on Brookfield Drive in Ann Arbor. I have never met Mr. Kamke. I
 have not communicated with him. I have no relationship with him of any kind. The fact that Mr. Kamke is my
 neighbor is not information I have published, communicated to Petitioner during our marriage, or otherwise
 made part of any public record connecting him to me.
18. I make this Affidavit in support of Respondent's Second Supplemental Motion in Support of Termination
    of Personal Protection Order. I make it to my own personal knowledge and not on information or belief,
    except where expressly so stated in the underlying Motion or in this Affidavit.
