Document: 01 Summons And Complaint For Divorce Rockenhaus
Case: Rockenhaus v. Rockenhaus (Divorce), Case No. 26-737-DO
Court: Washtenaw County Circuit Court (22nd Circuit), Hon. Darlene A. O'Brien
Category: Filed by Conrad
Page: 9 of 28
Source: https://rockenhaus.net/documents/washtenawdo26-737-do-filed-01summonsandcomplaintfordivorcerockenhaus/
PDF: https://rockenhaus.net/washtenaw_do_26-737-DO/filed/01_Summons_and_Complaint_for_Divorce_Rockenhaus.pdf
Text source: native

---

14. On February 9, 2026, Plaintiff's appellate attorney advised Defendant that she was

    no longer entitled to collect Plaintiff's VA Disability Compensation benefits. It was

    only upon receiving this notification, that her unauthorized access to Plaintiff's

    federal benefits was being revoked, that Defendant communicated to Plaintiff's

    appellate attorney that she would not pick Plaintiff up upon his release from federal

    custody on March 2, 2026; that she would not provide Plaintiff with any funds; that

    she intended to render Plaintiff homeless; and that she intended to file a Personal

    Protection Order against Plaintiff. The direct causal link between the notification

    regarding her loss of access to Plaintiff's VA benefits and her immediate retaliatory

    threats is significant and establishes that Defendant's subsequent conduct was

    financially motivated . Plaintiff's appellate attorney forwarded this communication to

    Plaintiff and advised him that he needed to make alternate arrangements and take

    steps to protect himself legally.

15. In response to Defendant's stated intentions, and in order to protect his legal

    interests, Plaintiff filed motions in his federal habeas corpus case to remove

    Defendant from her self-appointed role as 'Next Friend,' as Defendant had filed a

    habeas corpus petition purportedly on Plaintiff's behalf and had attempted to file an

    appeal in that matter, despite her conduct demonstrating that she was not acting in

    Plaintiff's interest. Plaintiff also filed a motion in his federal Bivens civil rights case

    to sever Defendant from that proceeding entirely.

                                            -7-
