Document: 01 Summons And Complaint For Divorce Rockenhaus
Case: Rockenhaus v. Rockenhaus (Divorce), Case No. 26-737-DO
Court: Washtenaw County Circuit Court (22nd Circuit), Hon. Darlene A. O'Brien
Category: Filed by Conrad
Page: 25 of 28
Source: https://rockenhaus.net/documents/washtenawdo26-737-do-filed-01summonsandcomplaintfordivorcerockenhaus/
PDF: https://rockenhaus.net/washtenaw_do_26-737-DO/filed/01_Summons_and_Complaint_for_Divorce_Rockenhaus.pdf

---

28. Based in whole or in part on Defendant's false representations, the VA evaluated

    Plaintiff for psychiatric commitment. Plaintiff was evaluated and subsequently

    released, as the false claims were without merit. Plaintiff has VA records and text

    messages documenting Defendant's false reports and her coordination with Annie

    in furtherance of this scheme . This conduct, fabricating a mental health crisis to

    cause the involuntary psychiatric detention of a recently released incarcerated

    veteran, was designed to extend Defendant's uninterrupted access to Plaintiff's

    federal benefits and to prevent Plaintiff from discovering the financial fraud

    described l1erein. It constitutes, at minimum, filing false medical reports, fraud, and

    tortious interference with Plaintiff's liberty, and is part of the same continuous

    pattern of misconduct that is the subject of the active investigations by the VA OIG

    (Case No. 2026-18750) and the Ann Arbor Police Department (Case No.

    26-11892).

29. Plaintiff reserves the right to supplement this list of property upon completion of

    discovery and full accounting of marital assets and liabilities.

                 VI. REQUEST FOR COUNSELING AND MEDIATION

30. Plaintiff genuinely desires a peaceful and equitable resolution of this matter.

    Plaintiff respectfully requests that this Honorable Court, pursuant to MCR 3.216

    and MCL 552.513, refer the parties to domestic relations mediation to resolve all

    outstanding property and financial disputes.

                                           - 23 -
